consensus/docs: draft UTxO HD design document for review (#3547)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-network: ouroboros-consensus/docs/utxo-hd.md

implementing it. The key metric is how long it takes a fresh node to bulk sync
Cardano `mainnet`. We anticipate it will obviously too slow without pipelining.
Duncan and Douglas have some back-of-the-envelope calculations about how fast
pipelining could be, but we'll certainly have to measure how fast our pipelining
implementation is.

The above claim about "relatively minor" additional latency for nodes that have
finished bulk fetch should also be validated. The new `DoneAddingBlock` tracer
likely reports the necessary metrics, which we could measure while running an
purely in-memory back-end (on a 16GB machine) and again while running truly
on-disk back-end (on that same machine) in order to access the affect of the
additional disk access's latency.

## Other large parts of the ledger state

The UTxO set is just the first part of the Shelley ledger that we will relocate
to disk. It's likely to always be the largest part, so this is the most
important and urgent. Soon enough, though, other parts will also grow too large
for in-memory data structures.

***Design Decision*** All parts of the Shelley larger proportional to the UTxO

> set and/or to the number of stake pools will be stored exclusively on-disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set and/or to the number of registered stake credentials will be stored exclusively on-disk.
```
